1::Telluride by the Sea (Portsmouth, NH) led off its 2016 weekend film festival with La La Land, a captivating film that hearkens back to the golden age of Hollywood cinema yet remains firmly embedded in present-day Los Angeles life. Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling bring a startling depth and nuanced feelings to what could easily have been another trite variation on the theme of falling in and out of love. The film impressed me on so many levels, for the quality of the direction and cinematography, the seamless transition between musical song-and-dance numbers with a powerful narrative, the inventive choreography, the authenticity that Stone and Gosling brought to their portrayal of their characters, and the amplification of the intensity of their romance enacted through their singing and dancing. This film is not-to-be-missed by anyone who loves the classic Ginger Rodgers-Fred Astaire movies and who longs for a modern re- invention of this genre.
0::This is presumably the worst propaganda film ever shot in the entire history of cinema. It gives a highly biased and re-written account of the recent political corruption scandals in Turkey; the so-called 17-25 December corruption and bribery investigations in the year of 2013. What happened in reality was that, despite obvious evidence, the barefaced government officials including the back-then prime minister (the current president of the republic) insisted to call the investigations as a coup d'etat, and produced a surrealistic storyline to cover the allegations. The film intends to prove the unbelievable and mind-blowing theses of the government. I admit, though, it would've been fun to watch for those who know the true storyline. Nevertheless, it is painful for me to watch it as I am a Turkish citizen and it reflects the unfortunate fate of my lovely country. The film is now free to see at certain cinemas in Turkey. Even worse is that employees of some pro-government firms are forced to go see the film. Do not ever spend your precious time to see this rubbish film! (unless you're researching on contemporary propaganda cinema)
1::Much has already been written about Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto's astonishing transformations, and brilliant performances. Solid and true, yes. They both deserve enormous accolades, Golden Globe and AMPAS-worthy, for these transformations and the effort of their craft. But I think the true heroes of this project are the Producers who took a chance on such dicey subject matter. Some reviews hail the project as "A Crowd Pleaser," and yet, you realise, these are TRULY marginal characters, and not entirely likable, as some have already said, in an Era (1970s-1980s early AIDS crisis) that is nearly forgotten in this age of HIV exposure-as-a-managed-care-condition, rather than a death sentence, as it was between 1979-1995. As much as this could be a feel-good film for the discovery and pioneer of protease inhibitor cocktails, it is a compelling character study of a time of crisis that has not been well-captured or documented adequately in quite some time. BRAVO to the Producers of this movie for giving this project the Greenlight, because the sexually-active youth of today would never know the Plague and tragedy that preceded their coming-of-age without a reminder like this.
0::This movie is horrendous on so many levels - patronising to Christians, incredibly bad plot and direction, the acting and dialogue is as comfortable as a dentist's visit. I suspect the whole thing is purely a desperate attempt by Cameron to pander to under-educated Christians in an effort to earn their hard earned dollars. Either that, or it is just a giant ego trip for him. I had no preconceptions before I went to watch this, and left confused as to the amount of utter garbage wedged into what seemed like an eternity of boredom. Even worse, he is asking his Christian supporters to bear false witness by skewing the votes here and on rotten tomatoes. Hypocritical? I'll let you decide.
1::The Notebook is one of my all-time favourite movies. Its a constant, and classic love story that makes you feel as if you are there watching it.. as if you are one of the characters, which makes the impact of the story just that much more real. There really are no words to describe how this movie makes you feel, but one thing is for sure... It will make you feel. After watching it, i've often just.. sat where i am and just thought about it. It's just one of those movies that you will think about 30 years after watching it, and still get that same feeling in your heart.. and you'll know that it touched you in one way or another. If you haven't seen it, you really are missing out... Its a classic!
0::Okay. This is officially the worst movie ever made. Not because it's poorly done, because there are movies, like "Monster A-Go-Go", that are more poorly conceived, acted, directed, filmed, and edited. But "Manos" stands out because it is so incomprehensibly bad. It is SO bad that it is hard to imagine it was done by accident. It often seems like they film is supposed to be bad, and that the director is actually brilliantly creating a horrible film, because this kind of badness doesn't usually come from apathy or a lack of talent and money. This is worse. The film is also very icky and very dull. Almost nothing happens (certainly not anything interesting) and if you survive the first ten minutes of driving around the countryside you'll just want everyone in the film to die. However, because this movie is so brilliantly and incredibly bad, I suggest everyone watch it just to know it. Everyone should see "Citizen Kane" because it is the watermark for all good movies. Everyone should see "Manos" for the same reason. It puts all other bad movies to shame. I do suggest though, that it be watched ONLY as the MST3K version, since the team does a good job riffing the film. Even they seem to be too caught up in the film's reeking badness at times that they are just stunned, but they still do a good job. I also doubt you would find a regular version of this movie, since I doubt anyone would be crazy enough to have one. Interestingly, the guy who plays the mean, stupid, and totally useless husband wrote, directed, and produced the film, and the guy who plays "The Master" did the art direction. They both failed in all their work. No one in this movie has ever done anything else. Thank God.
1::To all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue, the budget, the this and the that....who wants to hear it? IF you missed the point of this beyond-beautiful movie, that's your loss. The rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think. I am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one stands in its own entity, in my book. It was not supposed to be a documentary, or a completely factual account of what happened that night. It is the most amazing love story ever attempted. I know that it is the cynical 90's and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy, but come on. Someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money! How lame is that? It made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet, and is the top grossing film in the planet. I will gladly side with the majority this time around. Okay, cynics, time to crawl back under your rock, I am done.
0::Every major cult film fan has watched "Dunyayi Kurtaran Adam" (Man who saves the world) aka Turkish Star Wars. Quarter a century after that was released ,we get a sequel -"Dunyayi Kurtaran Adamin oglu" (Son of the man who saves the world). While the original was meant to be a serious science fiction adventure, this one attempts to be a parody of the old film and various other science fiction films in the vein of G.O.R.A. Needless to say, the result is cinematic sewage.The film is a basically a serious of gags , none of which are close to being remotely funny. The acting is even worse. Erbil has already sealed his spot in the acting hall of shame with the lame shrek-wannabe Keloglan (he was even worse than Petek Dincoz, which should tell you how amazingly bad he was). Cuneyt Arkin seems to be sleepwalking. Sinem Kobal who is one of the most promising young Turkish actresses working today, would want to erase this off her resume for her career's sake.The sad news is that this film actually did well at the box office, so we will soon be hit with the inevitable sequel. Let's hope that it completely flops so that the public is spared from another 2 hours of garbage.
1::We are all familiar with the story and with Steven Hawking. His groundbreaking work 'A brief History of Time' and devastating disabilities propelled him irrevocably into the public consciousness and immortal fame. But few of us could understand the complexities of his personal life and the shocking divorce in 1990 from his long sacrificing wife of more than 25 years. Indeed that episode served to darken his reputation in the minds of many, including myself, who felt ill at ease with anyone who could leave a partner who had done so much for him just at the long awaited moment when international fame and recognition finally arrived.This wonderful production, so well scripted and paced throughout, serves to explain that vital anomaly in Hawking's life. And it is made all the more poignant as it is based upon the account written by his wife who has borne so much. But it is the breathtaking performance of Eddie Redmayne as Hawking that simply blasted this film into an extraordinary level. It is difficult enough to mimic so famous a person as Hawking and it is even more difficult to portray so accurately the debilitating and gradually increasing effects of Motor Neuron Disease. But to transmit so clearly the profound emotions and inner suffering that Hawking must have experienced in his agonizing journey was a performance that left me quite speechless and at times in uncontrollable tears. It would be a travesty of the industry if Eddie Redmayne is not nominated for an Oscar after this performance. And to my mind it was a work of art that simply cannot be equaled let alone beaten. Have a good handkerchief ready to hand.
0::This movie was by far the worst movie that I have ever seen in my entire life. I'm not even kidding. It was poorly made and the actors couldn't act. It was a waste of my time and money. It looked like a movie that my friends and I could have put together on our own. The case the movie came in is definitely a disguise. Nothing in the movie looks like the zombie on the front of the case. It appears that the director or make-up artist has just put black eye liner under someones eyes an called them a zombie. The credits at the beginning of the movie take up almost 20 minutes of the movie. Which watching the credits was the best part of the movie. This was honestly an awful movie and I couldn't believe how badly it was put together. Scenes jumped from one thing to the other and sometimes u were like "whats going on?" The audio was awful and the action shots looked like a couple of teen's joking around making a fake fight scene. IF you are considering renting or buying this movie I would advise you to at least watch the trailer for it because it show's how awful it truly is. I wish i would have watched it before i rented it.
1::Inception is truly one of a kind. A concept which has long gestated in Christopher Nolan's mind, his eye for drama mixed with his large scale sensibilities ring true in Blockbuster season making Inception a true original in the sea of reboots, remakes and sequels. To try and explain Inceptions many plot twists and incredibly intelligent arcs, would be a foolish task. As Nolan himself has been reluctant to. The best way to approach the film would be with an open mind, if you are prepared to be taken on a ride of a lifetime, then trust that you 100% will. If Avatar was a seminal film in technology (although coming out as a rather poor film, in my opinion), then Inception is seminal in it's storytelling. With a 148 minute running time, you would expect a lot to take place, but what you wouldn't expect is the pace of it all. I did not think at one time in the film about how long was left. I was simply blown away by the depth in every single part of the film. If my enthusiasm for the storytelling aspect of the film has left you worried about the spectacle, then don't worry. They are, as hinted in the trailer, incredible, looking real and unbelievable simultaneously. The most pleasing thing about the action set pieces, is that they are genuinely used to illustrate the story, rather than to blow stuff up a la Michael Bay. With this complex movie in it's high concept, a stellar cast is needed. And Nolan as always, delivers with just that. This is vintage DiCaprio, perhaps only equalled in The Aviator, which is even more impressive as his role as Cobb in Inception is not a showy one, needing DiCaprio to be the constant at the centre of the film. And he pulls off Cobb's emotional contradictions sublimely. The rest of the cast members all shine in parts of the films, Cillian Murphy shows off his usually non-existent tender side, Gordon-Levitt bottles his usual charm for his confidently reserved turn as the reliable Arthur, Watanabe is devilish as the seemingly ambiguous Saito, Page shows why she's the next big female star and Tom Hardy revels in being the comic relief of the film compared to his recent turns as decidedly psychopathic characters. Overall, Nolan has indeed surpassed himself. He has created a world as expansive as his Gotham, a plot dwarfing the intricacies of Memento and one which blows The Prestige's cinematic reveal out of the water. This is truly unmissable cinema. Revel in it, we've still got to wait a whole two years before Batman 3.
0::I am writing this in hopes that this gets put over the previous review of this "film". How anyone can find this slop entertaining is completely beyond me. First of all a spoof film entitled "Disaster Movie", should indeed be a spoof on disaster films. Now I have seen 1 (yes count them, 1) disaster film being spoofed, that being "Twister". How does Juno, Iron Man, Batman, The Hulk, Alvin and the Chipmunks, Amy Winehouse, or Hancock register as Disaster films? Selzterwater and Failburg once again have shown that they lack any sort of writing skill and humor. Having unfortunately been tortured with Date Movie and Epic Movie I know exactly what to expect from these two...no plot, no jokes just bad references and cheaply remade scenes from other films. Someone should have informed them that satire is more than just copy and paste from one film to another, though I shouldn't say that because some of these actually just seem to be taken from trailers. There is nothing clever or witty or remotely smart about the way these two write, and I can't believe that some people still pay to see these travesties. It's an insult to the audience, though if they enjoy these films I doubt that they are smart enough to realize that. Rating: Unfortunately there is not a number low enough (yes this includes negatives) to rate this. This deserves to be in the top 5 worst films of all time, right there with Date Movie, Epic Faliure...I mean movie, and Meet the Spartans. I would rather be forced into a 24 hour "Manos: The Hands of Fate" marathon than watch this slop.
1::This is one of those handful of films that is universally loved and respected and I have to join the crowd on that. For over 50 years it has been considered the best musical ever made and I can't argue with that, either, especially with the newly- restored DVD version that came out a short time ago. The film never looked and sounded better! In a nutshell, the reason for the high praise, I would think would be: 1 - Likable lead characters (Debbie Reynolds, Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor); 2 - Excellent song-and-dance numbers, capped off by one of the most famous of all-time, the title song "Singin' In the Rain," featuring Kelly; 3 - Very good humor throughout the film, aided by Jean Hagen's dumb blonde imitation, which may be the best ever put on film; 4 - Spectacular color (please get this latest 2-disc DVD), and 5 - of course, simply a very entertaining film start-to-finish. A few side comments: Kelly gets the legacy with his title song dance but O'Connor's dancing in here is just as good. In fact, one of his solo routines reportedly exhausted him so much he could not work for five days. A nice bonus is seeing Cyd Charisse in here, showing off her dancing skills and great legs.
0::OK, I'm not going to bash this film based on Paris Hilton, I admit, I don't like the girl, but I'm not going to base my comment on that alone, I think it's unfair. A lot of people are giving this movie a one just because of Paris without even seeing the movie, it gets a bit annoying. But I don't know why, I think I was just in a mood for one of those awful films that just leave a bad taste in your mouth, I think every once in a while, we need to see something like that. Now the problem with The Hottie and the Nottie, besides it's stupid title? The story, beyond predictable and hypocritical, along with the acting... it's like they just took people off the street who had no credibility to be in a film. I love how Paris Hilton isn't even the main character and yet she is first billed, you know that she paid good money for that or wouldn't be in it, big woop, her as an innocent charity loving girl, that's believable. Nate Cooper is a man that just can't seem to move on in life, after 20 years he returns to his home town looking for his first grade crush, Cristabel. She's still around making men drool, but she won't go for him unless he can hook her ugly friend, June, up with a guy as well. June has bad teeth, bad skin, bad nails, bad hair, just all in all, it's bad, so Nate does everything he can to get June a guy, but it's more difficult than he could ever expect, until he finds out that love isn't everything he thought it might be. The script is predictable, stupid, could've been written by a teenager and was very hypocritical, which you will see what I mean if you watch this movie. Now I know that they were just trying to get a big name, but come on... Paris Hilton? I actually had an open mind and just thought to give the movie a shot, but she just is such a horrible actress, like beyond horrible, I'm not just saying that because of who she is, just I know you'll believe me. This is a movie that really shouldn't have been made or if Hollywood wanted it so much, get different people, please, before they do something like cast Paris... never mind. Stay away from this movie at any costs.
1::Toy Story is not only the best Disney film because it has the best story and the best animation, but also because of the excellent actors chosen to provide the voices of the animals. The casting was perfect from top to bottom, and the movie provides an excellent adventure story about friendship and loyalty that keeps you engrossed until the nail-biting climax. Tom Hanks and Tim Allen provided excellent voices for Woody and Buzz Lightyear -their performances alone are one of the biggest things that made this such a spectacular movie. Besides that, though, you have the excellent story that is not only noteworthy because it has never really been told from this perspective before, but also because it was just told so well. All of the characters in the film are very well developed and all have appropriate and effective actors chosen to provide their voices. And of course, who could forget the revolutionary animation! The computer animation used for this movie not only made it startlingly realistic but also opened up tons of possibilities, and thankfully the filmmakers chose to explore these possibilities. There are dozens of things that are hidden in the woodwork throughout the film, as well as in the songs – note, for example, the subtle playing of the Indiana Jones theme song in the scene where Woody knocks Buzz out the window with the desk lamp. Toy Story is by far the best Disney film ever made, it's pretty much perfect. It's adventurous, it's exciting, it's entertaining, it's good for the whole family, it's got great characters, story, and plot, and above all, it's fun.
0::Well, It is a very rare night that I do not finish watching a movie that I set out to watch. This movie is so bad that I could not bring myself to watch all of it. No sane person or more importantly any movie watcher with any taste will even remotely find this movie either likable or watchable. I like many others think Adam Sandler is a great actor at times but inspiration for this movie must have come from deep down in a his bowels rather than his brain. Everything about this movie is bad, from the moment that the viewer sets eyes on it to the moment 30 minutes later that a person is pleading with another family member to put them out of their misery!! If you even think of getting this movie out do the world a favour and donate the cost of the rental to the red cross as you would be going the movie world a true injustice should you support this movie in any form what so ever, o how I wish I had been warned earlier.
1::Marlin, a nervous and neurotic clownfish is heavily overprotective of his son Nemo, who only wants to explore the sea in its entirety. When Nemo gets caught by a scuba diver and taken away, it is up to Marlin to swallow his own fears and find Nemo. The ensuing search and rescue organized by the him is a mass effort by swimming and flying creatures of all sizes and personalities, such as a threesome of vegetarian sharks, a fish with short term memory and an aged turtle, all helping him realise the error of his ways in restricting himself to just his home. As charming as it is beautiful, Finding Nemo is a joy, both visually and cinematically. The characters are all so appealing and sweet that you want to hug each and every one of them, Nemo and Dory in particular. But the film transcends above just a generic animated film, for there are lessons to be learnt by it too. The film often tells a children's tale from an adult's point of view, with risky situations and emotional soul-searching putting stress on a disjointed family. The sea is brought to us in such a memorable and unique way that there is brilliance and beauty in every frame. The animation is of all time high for Pixar, and the sound mixing and editing are also to be credited, as they capture the heart of the sea creditably. But perhaps the best thing about the film is the musical score by Thomas Newman. He creates the essence of the sea, as well as the emotions felt by the fish throughout. Note the masterwork that occurs as an upbeat, jovial number quickly escalates into something darker in a matter of minutes. In short, the music is superb. The voice cast are capable and cannily chosen, from young Alexander Gould as the naïve Nemo, as well as Albert Brooks as the bumbling Marlin. But the star of the show is Ellen DeGeneres as Dory. As the forgetful but caring fish, she is sweet and soulful, and provides much of the comedy of the film. But the humour is also provided by the great script, which delivers a potentially dull story with wit and soul, and shies away from the sentimentality that could so easily arise of a Disney film. And the jokes, what jokes – from satire, spoof and slapstick, they'll be a one-liner for everybody here. Gorgeous to look at and utterly adorable, Finding Nemo sets the standard for how animated movies should being terms of entertainment value as well as story and themes – ending with the touching, thought-provoking message of how too much protectiveness on the parent's side will repel, but, no matter how independent a child (or fish) believes themselves to be, they'll always need their parents.
0::I had heard from several people that this show was "amazing," "funny," and any number of other wonderful adjectives. So, why had I never heard of it? It has been running since 2005 after all, and this is 7 years later. Well, Netflix supplied the answer with 5 episodes of the most recycled, predictable garbage I have ever seen on television. I didn't laugh a single time, accurately predicting almost every encounter in the first few seconds and staring at the screen in baffled wonderment. How is this show popular?! This show is essentially THE prime example of our American pursuit of laziness. We don't dare watch a show that challenges our thinking or is interesting in any way, we just want to watch the same crap that has been on TV since the first fart joke debuted. I digress... This show was trashy, boring, insulting to the intelligence of a kindergartner, and poorly executed at that. In short, an epic piece of utter trash that I will avoid at all costs in the future. Others are of course entitled to their opinions, but for those unsure if they'd like to take a chance on it, don't! I would sincerely rather watch an infomercial; it would be funnier.
1::Rest assured, Iron Man is an absolutely amazing movie. I won't dare spoil any of this remarkable movie for you but I do recommend it as highly as I possibly can. Marvel needed to get in to the solo movie making business long ago. Instead of leasing out their characters to other studios, they're making movies themselves. Most everyone knows Iron Man is their first effort and what a great lead off film! This movie helps take the comic book genre to the highest level. Just like they did in the books, they reinvent standard epic adventure by "Marvelizing" characters and making them more believable. The Spider-Man and the X-Men movies did this to a degree but only as far as their respective studios wished to stay true to the source material. Anything added or amended was for the benefit of the live action adaptation. Director Sam Raimi pulled this off by talking to the summer crowd, not down to them with the Spider-Man series. Jon Favreau has done the same thing here but I think he's done it even better. Raimi intentionally threw in a little cheese. Favreau adds nice bits of humor but not too much. He also grounds the action and the suit of armor in firm reality. I've said it before but it's brave to reach for the highest common denominator with a big budget film and Favreau delivers a movie with as much feeling as it has action and intensity. Needless to say, Robert Downey Jr. and company deliver the goods. It's a movie that has a wonderful balance that delivers intelligence with its fun. The amazing yet realistic action is paced by the plot and characters that keep you interested from start to finish. What absolutely blew me away were the phenomenal special effects. I know they built a practical, working armor. What I loved is the use of CGI was used to augment the real life armor and not create something from scratch. Most all CGI constructs feel fake somehow but the stuff in Iron Man didn't seem fake even for an instant. As great as everything looked, what really drives the movie is the emotional resonance and down to earth nature of the plot. Sure the concept is wild but it's all presented so that you really believe it could happen. I doubt anyone will find fault with this movie unless they went in trying to dislike it. This is, without a doubt going to be one of my top 10 movies of 2008, quite possibly the number one film.
0::Poor acting, or lack of acting talent. Every persons in the film seem to lacking live out the roll. A fish-stick had done a better job. The roll gallery is a stereotypic one. The girl useless and can't do anything but being dumb and blond, but the guys have muscles and no brain. The most funniest scene have to be the rowing in the bout. I'm not gone tell why, but make up your own opinion. It does not help the film that it suffer from a bad script. Poor dialog-lines combines withe terrible acting, constant contradictions makes it irritating to watch. The special effects are terrible, something you recognize from poor B-films from the 1970 decade + a bit more terrible. The shark is not credible. It's all synthetic in the movements, the size, and it get 100% poorer because of the bad special effects.You know it is a fake. Skip this film.
1::This TV series is magnificent! I read a book and I must say that A Game Of Thrones is one of the best books I've read. So when I first heard that HBO will do a series on the this book I was thrilled but I was afraid that they will not be done exactly by the book. But I must say that I was wrong and that the series is better than I thought it would be. Much better! While I watched the first episode I had the same excitement as the time when I first read the book. HBO has done a great job and they fulfill all my expectations. Sean Bean was born for the role of Eddard Stark. Costumes, scenes, actors, everything is done as it should be. Actors are perfect for the role they play in the series. For me the biggest surprise of the series I figure Daenerys Targaryen. Emilia Clarke actress who plays Daenerys Targaryen is more beautiful than I imagined it would be and more beautiful than is described in the book. The Wall is a lot different than I had imagined, but in a good way. The series revolves around Eddard Stark and his family. He has a wife and five children, three sons and two daughters. Eddard Stark is ruler of the North and close friend of King Robert who needs his help in ruling the Seven Kingdoms. The seven kingdoms, united under one ruler, have lived a life of peace and comfort since King Robert took the throne. But nothing is ever as it seems. Within the king's court there is murder and treason, with no one aware of what is really going on. Across the seas, the last remnants of the previous royal family gather forces to reclaim their throne. To the north, the unthinkable gathers, the creatures of myth and legend that have been forgotten.
0::What a bad film this is. I thought the critics were exaggerating when they said how bad it was but they weren`t BATTLEFIELD EARTH is one of the worst films released by a major Hollywood studio. It`s badly directed , badly cast ( Barry Pepper as Jonnie makes for one of the least impressive screen hero`s ever seen . Maybe Travolta should have stuck to his guns and played Jonnie . He perhaps would have been slightly too old for the part but at least he does have some charisma unlike Pepper) and has one of the worst scripts ever written. An alien race called Psychlos , sounds just like psychos , I bet they `re really evil and cruel . Oh they are evil and cruel just like psychos . Why do they think rats are the favourite food of humans when it`s the only thing they`ve seen humans eat ? And why do they think " Rat brains " is an insult to humans ? especially when they consider the " man animals " to be a primitive species . And am I alone in finding the term " Man animals " irritating ? Surely it should be " Manimals " ? A far sharper and clever expression . But sharp and clever is no way to describe this script . Cities stand almost intact after a thousand years since the collapse of human civilisation ! Not only that but so do large amounts of firearms , ammo and Harrier jump jets , and a flight simulator for the jump jets where the humans learn to fly within a week , and no doubt they`ll learn what petrol is and learn to put it in the jets in order to fly them . Does this sound very likely to you ? Let me put it this way: Go into a time machine and go back to the biblical times , capture a few dozen people , bring them back to the present and get them to become fighter pilots within the week. Do you think they`d be any good flying planes and shooting down enemy forces ? Me neither . Do you think they could overthrow a superior civilisation ? Me neither ? Do you think anyone involved with this film deserves to work again ? Me neither
1::Anyone could love this film and I don't see how you couldn't fall in love with Willy Wonka. This is without a doubt one of the most charming movies of all time that is still to this day one of the most enjoyed movies for a family night. Despite it's dark little messages, it still made light of everything and made this movie "satisfying and delicious". You'll see a world of pure imagination and will absolutely fall for Willy Wonka. Gene Wilder is a comedic genius who will forever be the timeless Willy Wonka. He played it so well and made it look so easy. All the kids were amazing as well, I mean the boy who played Charlie was so adorable and you felt so awful for him. You just wished for his deepest wishes to come true. The sets are also just fantastic and so yummy to look at. On of my favorite scenes was with the "inventing room", all the amazing gizzmo's. I also loved how we took a peek into Wonka's madness when he throws a shoe into a boiling water pot and says "It gives it a little kick". One of my favorite lines of all time is "Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker". The film is not only great to look at but it has terrific and catchy songs that will be stuck in your head and find yourself humming down the street. This is going to be a timeless classic that I can't wait to show my future children.
0::Usually a review starts with a small synopsis of the film. This is difficult when the director, Rick Sloane, forgets what film he was making half-way through and only gives enough of a damn to hand his camera over to his eight-year-old imagination. *Spoiler* Rick was molested as an eight-year-old.This movie starts off in an abandoned movie lot (sigh) where the protagonist, Kevin, starts his new job as an undoubtedly small- genitalled night-watch man. The old-hat night-watch mentor guy tells Kevin that he can't open the vault for no particular reason. At some point, the vault gets opened and the hobgoblins escape. The hobgoblins are capable of making people's wishes come true and funnily enough *spoiler* every character's deepest wish costs less than twenty-dollars and never involves naked boobs. According to the old guy, they have to get the hobgoblins back into the vault before dawn or else – you guessed it – something. We never find out what 'something' is, but it's only mentioned about twice before the script runs out and the cast improvises the rest of the film. There's a rake-fight in there somewhere and something to do with a nunchuk bikie fight(ish) so that Kevin can impress his hag girlfriend. The best part is the end *spoiler* when the hobgoblins go back to the vault for no reason all and the old security guard blows it up because, well, screw the audience, they've stopped watching anyway!
1::In the year 1999, "The Matrix" and "Fight Club" were undoubtedly the best films of the year. The Matrix was truly revolutionary in special effects, specifically in CGI (Computer-Generated-Imaging) technology. The still cameras that were used to capture multiple angles of a single shot, in bullet-time technology, was a creative new approach. The film is initially suspenseful with people not knowing quite what was happening until Morpheus (Lawrence Fishburne) reveals that Neo's (Keanu Reeves) reality was actually a fabricated world that is an elaborate simulation created by machines. Neo and the majority of the world's inhabitants have been stuck in simply a mental simulation prison. The magnitude of philosophy in sync with special effects make "The Matrix" a one-of-a-kind movie masterpiece. College classes show this movie in their philosophy class, and at the same time can prove to be one of the best special effects movies ever. Supplementally, "The Matrix" also provides endless action and a pretty solid storyline that influences the philosophical ideas in the movie. There are so many great things in this movie, it is just crazy. The color palette along with the time and effort put into stunts also accelerates this movie on all filming levels. "The Matrix" leaves the viewer a sense of pride in the world he/she can live in to just know that people are capable of creating at this level. Unfortunately, monetary and timing motives offset the potential quality of the sequels. "The Matrix Reloaded" and "The Matrix Revolutions" were just a waste of time and weren't carefully thought out, as was the first Matrix.
0::I don't know how many of you have ACTUALLY seen this movie but I recently rented it out of morbid curiousty and a sadistic love of BAD cinema (and of course making fun of it)... and I did give it an honest chance. I really did, and no less than 3 minutes into the movie I was convinced it was going to be a bomb... there's too much to complain about here, from the faux artistic shots and film techniques meant to give the film some false "class", to the insane gaping void of chemistry between the main lovebirds, to the comic relief that is not funny and is unnecesary since there was no drama or romance, to the numerous long, long shots of things that either didn't matter or didn't need to be shown for the 700th time... I kid you not this is a really awful movie... only the most inept movie fan or an insanely die hard Mariah Carey fan could ignore the gaping holes in plot, directions, style, and acting that Glitter presents. However if you enjoy watching movies and going all MST3K on them, then by all means rip on this one. It deserves all the insults you can muster. 
1::Fight Club is one of the most unique films I have ever seen. In addition to presenting a rather fresh take on life, FC also presents its material in a fresh way. My main interest in the film is in that, in my opinion, it does not present characters for us to think about. Rather, it presents actions for us to think about. I will say that I cannot recall *ever* having been "asked" by a film to both suspend my disbelief the way this film asks in its third act AND at the same time come to terms with an understanding that there is no room--or need--for disbelief. Perhaps these comments will not make sense to the average movie goer who will dismiss this film--and, unfortunately, its premise--as another hollywood flick filled with gratuitous violence. I'd go as far as to say that this film is not about violence. It is about choices. It is about activity. It is about lethargy. It is about waking up and realizing that at some point in the past we've gone to the toilet and thrown up our dreams without even realizing that society has stuck its fingers down our throat. I would argue that anyone caught, at some point in their lives, between a rock and a hard place--anyone who has reached bottom on a mental level--anyone who has uttered to themselves "Wait, this isn't right. I would not do/say/feel what it is that I just did/said/felt... I do not like this. I must change before I am forever stuck being the person that I am not." These people, they will know what I'm talking about. These people will not only recognize the similarities between Edward Norton's character and themselves--they will be uncomfortably familiar with him. These people will appreciate Fight Club for what it is: a wake up call that we are not alone. As David Berman once said: "I'm afraid I've got more in common with who I was than who I am becoming." If this sentence makes any sense to you, go see Fight Club. You won't regret it.
0::This is a truly awful movie. Keeping your attention on the dialogue is harder than holding a bar of wet soap. Sitting through that endless scene in the bunkhouse is like having a fifteen-minute continuous blackout; the moment it's over, you immediately forget what just happened. It is physically impossible to stay focused on this movie for more than about three words-- it's that painful. That's not the only reason why this movie is impossible to comprehend. No scene in this movie seems to follow from anything else. Many scenes end with a shot of the main characters (who seem to appear in one shot, then vanish in the next, then reappear again as if nothing had happened) in a stationary plane; however, since the plane is never shown flying, it's impossible to tell if they have actually left or arrived. It doesn't help that every shot in the movie (including those supposedly in Cuba) was taken in the same small American town. The movie begins with what is apparently a runaway convict, played by the flabby Mr. Francis himself. He gets together with about seven other people and they decide to invade Cuba (???), which actually doesn't seem like such a bad idea since as far as the movie's concerned the total population of Cuba is three soldiers and a man with a really fake beard (Castro.) This somehow gets around to a tungsten mine (back in America? who knows or cares?) and a man thrown into a well for no apparent reason.This movie hurts. After you see this movie, you'll want to hurt it too. It's actually worth seeing just to experience the sheer awfulness of it; if you like bad movies, you'll get a laugh out of watching the line flubs, scene goofs, continuity jumps and gaping plot holes. But this movie is not funny so much as just pathetic.
1::I am a huge fan of the Harry Potter books, they're all so great and magical. But I didn't think the film series were perfect at all, but they were still great movies. With that, I was extremely excited to see the end of the film franchise, and impressed with the trailers. So I had high expectations. And thankfully it did not disappoint, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II, blew past my already high expectations and I was enthralled! The whole movie looked spectacular! The cinematography extremely well done, the art direction was incredible. The movie was beautiful to look at, the visuals were spectacular and truly Oscar worthy! The set designers, cinematographers really need to be awarded for their work, because it looks like they spend of time and money on the look of the film. The cast of the film was pretty much perfect, they should all be applauded too. Emma Watson, as usual is and great and she'll have a bright career ahead of her. Rupert Grint is pretty much great also, he is a fine actor indeed. Daniel Radcliffe did an amazing job and was very memorable as Harry Potter. Although I think Ralph Fiennes was the star of the film, he did unbelievable job as the evil, crazy Lord Voldemort, I think he deserves an Oscar Nomination for his role. The rest of the cast were also great too. We all grew up overtime with the series, we followed the adventures of Harry Potter for around 10 years, I think. It seems very weird that there will be no more Harry Potter films to look forward too. I will miss the franchise very much! However I am happy the series got an amazing ending. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II is not only the best film in the series, but it will probably be one of the best films of 2011. Everyone should see this film, even if they don't like past Harry Potter films.
0::I was really looking forward to this movie and only ended up with a huge deception. The script is messy and there are way too many characters that are too quickly introduced. Many of these "villains" would require a whole movie to give intensity to their character... I really feel like DC just wanted to have as big an audience as possible without spending a penny on the script. Some good things are the special effects , the movie is overall very beautiful to watch. Some characters need a bravo for their wonderful roles: Harley Quinn mostly... The others are kind of empty to me. And some are very very bad like enchantress who mumbles in a foreign language all along and whose only 3 lines in English SUCK (when she asks Flag to destroy enchantress instead of saving her blabla). The Joker doesn't have a place in the movie, his role does not add anything to it and half of his lines are... awkward moans. El Diablo's behavior is predictable from the very beginning, Batman really wasn't necessary, Katana's few lines are desperately cheesy, etc... As a conclusion, the viewer is unable to feel a link whatsoever to any of the characters since their stories are disappointingly and quickly told. The acting of many characters does not help, whether they were just bad or the director asked them to play in that un-subtle fashion. The script is disjoint, flashbacks don't add much quality or intensity to the movie, and the "big plot" revealed at the end is... not much of a secret since the viewer KNOWS enchantress escaped from the hands of Waller. I feel like this is a big commercial move from DC to attract people... However, this will only disgust the people who were fans of the heroes/villains in the beginning. Money over quality